Privacy declarations for COOL BOI BOT
________________




Message and data collection from COOL BOI BOT:


Message data such as content and members are checked and stored for the leveling system. These pieces of data are unreadable by humans, and thus we never check them. The only message number is reserved. Other data such as content, member, guild, and others are cached temporarily for commands such as user-info and server. Many more commands use this data.


Presence and member data collection from COOL BOI BOT:
Presence data such as online status are stored in an unreadable cache, used in specific commands to display presence information. Other data such as activity, member updates (for presence data), and others are NOT collected, stored, or shared in any way.


Server member list data collection from COOL BOI BOT:
Server members can have valuable data. That's why it is a Privileged Intent in the discord developer portal. This data is used in the bot, logging, general commands, and many more. This intent also gives us user updates, such as when a user joined or left a server and other updates. We use this to create welcome and goodbye messages on a server. This feature is configurable using the commands in the util category like other data logging. This data is stored in an unreadable cache but also sent in some messages publicly. We DO NOT share any massive and valuable data with anyone, and it is stored and contained within the bot.


Event data collection from COOL BOI BOT:


Intents allow the developer to handle event data. By default, all of these are enabled, which means we'll receive every event provided by the Discord gateway. These data can provide a wide range of information in massive quantities. If you want to see this, we have a logging feature, making it easier for server administrators to see who did what.
As an example, who deletes a message? What was the message about? That sort of thing. Because this is sensitive information, it can be disabled by using setLogChannel and setting it to none. When this option is enabled, data is cached and sent to the specified channel, and it is never sent anywhere else.


Ranking system data:


Our leveling system saves the message count and the command count in our leveling system. We only keep the message-id and the server id, which are only used to fetch them for later purposes like the rank command or the leaderboard. These ids are useless on their own and are not private. Note that this data is stored in a local database. This database is exposed in the Github repository, but the information there is useless, as I said before.


Other data:


We mentioned all of the sensitive and valuable data here. Other data is probably stored in an unreadable cache, so you can rest easy on other items we didn’t mention.


Anyways thank you for using COOL BOI BOT.
